c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Bot Application.dll.config
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Bot Application.pdb
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\it\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\nl\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\pt-BR\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\obj\Release\TraducaoBot.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\obj\Release\TraducaoBot.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\obj\Release\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\herik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpellCheckBot\SpellCheckBot\obj\Release\Bot Application.pdb
